[docs] Add Styled Engine page (#25911)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/customization/styled-engine/styled-engine.md

# Styled engine

<p class="description">Configure your preferred styling engine.</p>

> The engine used for generating the styles for the Material-UI components is [`@emotion`](https://github.com/emotion-js/emotion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default engine used for generating styles for Material-UI components is [`@emotion`](https://github.com/emotion-js/emotion),
```

Although this is the default configuration, there is a possibility for using [`styled-components`](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components) too.

> In other to support both packages as a styled engines, there are two packages exported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support both packages as style engines, there are two packages exported:
```

- `@material-ui/styled-engine` - thin wrapper around emotion's `styled()` API, with addition of few other utilities required, like the `<GLobalStyles />` component, the `css` and `keyframe` helpers etc.

> - `@material-ui/styled-engine-sc` - similar wrapper but around the `styled-components`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@material-ui/styled-engine-sc` - a similar wrapper around `styled-components`.
```

> These two packages export identical APIs, which makes it possible to replace one for the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two packages export identical APIs, which makes it possible to replace one with the other.
```

> By default, `@material-ui/core` has the `@material-ui/styled-engine` as a dependency, but you can configure your bundler to replace it for `@material-ui/styled-engine-sc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `@material-ui/core` has `@material-ui/styled-engine` as a dependency, but you can configure your bundler to replace it with `@material-ui/styled-engine-sc`.
```

> For example, if you are using `webpack`, you can configure this by adding a resolver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are using `webpack` you can configure this by adding a resolver:
```

**webpack.config.js**

```js
module.exports = {
  //...
  resolve: {
    alias: {
      '@material-ui/styled-engine': '@material-ui/styled-engine-sc',
    },
  },
};
```

> If you are using `create-react-app`, we offer a ready to use template in our examples project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `create-react-app`, there is a ready-to-use template in the example projects.
```
